edits_elements.Rmd (#24)
fhdsl/Overleaf_Tutorial: 05-elements.Rmd

ottrpal::include_slide("https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UgGtVn7RsqdQ4pJxDk_dueSyREHcH-uWTNAT27E2mG8/edit#slide=id.g1c91f28435b_0_33")
```

> To add this new figure to your document you just need to modify the code above so that the name of the image file matches the name of the file you uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step to add this new figure to your document, is to add the code above but modified so that the name of the image file matches the name of the file you uploaded.
```

Reviewer: I realized I said there would be 2 steps, but didn't refer to it later. What do you think of this @ehumph ?

Author: Works for me!

Now we just need to finish off our table.

> First we need to get out of the tabular mode, so we will use our trusty `\end{}` function. In this case, we end with `\end{tabular}`. To end the table overall, we use `\end{table}`. We will discuss what the `\lab{}` function does soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First we need to get out of the tabular mode, so we will use our trusty `\end{}` function. In this case, we end with `\end{tabular}`. To end the table overall, we use `\end{table}`. We will discuss what the `\label{}` function does soon.
```

Reviewer: oops that was wrong - should not be lab
